It meant that he didn't talk very much with
students. Yeah, that's why. But all the students
liked him. Ha ha! And he'd
come in the classroom, he wouldn't have much to
say.
But it was always something that was catching to
the students and
they knew it was coming and they would wait till it
came and then they'd get busy.
So then he demanded hard work and the students did
it. And the students did it. He never had any
trouble with the students at all as far as I know.
How about Marsteller. Well, Marsteller was a
graduate from Ohio State too. Most of the men were
graduates from the northern schools and came
south. But C-3, Blackburn, he was from New York.
And he got his training in the school in New York.
Cornell? No. Yeah, Cornell. And then there was
Wright. Yeah, Lewis Wright. Lewis Wright. And
Wright, I forget now what school he was from. And
then there was... Oh, oh heck. Who was the other
one? Leonard, Leonard, Leonard Schmitt.
Schmitt, there was Hilbert Schmitt. Oh, Schmitt,
yeah. Schmitt, he taught, he taught pathology in
school, but he was glad to remain him himself. And
he was working for the Extension Service.
Yeah. And Ralph Dunn. Dunn was working for, he was
an Ohio State man too, but he worked for down at the,
what we call a clink, and he
worked for the
the board of the
college that had to do with Benedict
Mason. And he was considered a
man of the faculty, but he mixed
with the boys used to sing.
Was he a good teacher, Dunn? Well, he didn't teach
very much. He was mostly an outside man.
How about Blackburg? Was he a good teacher? Well,
Blackburg, yeah, he was a good teacher, all right.
But his diction was rather funny and uh being from
new york being from new york well it took a good
while to get a season in until the boys that that
had to be seasoned and so by the way he's he's he he's
a doctor in new york in new york Oh really? He went
back to New York? He went back to New York and took
medicine. And he, I don't know whether he's living
or whether he's, what he's doing. But once people
got to under, became, or could understand him,
then did you like him? Did the students like him? Oh
yeah, they liked him all right. He was very good to
the students. I don't think the vet department had
any trouble at all while he was out there.
And Schmitt. Who? Schmitt. What did you think of
him? Well, Schmitt was a graduate from A&M and
worked for the same
place that See at A&M with the, I can't
think of it now. The headquarters used to be in the
old, it's out there now, but the building was, when
it was vacated, they took it over. and they had all
the officers, the male and female, of course they
have both of them now, and they had ten because it
was first being formed that A&M and then it went
from there over the state. Let me see what, oh heck.
Was he a good teacher? Oh yeah, yeah. He was a very
good teacher. He taught pathology. And what about
Lewis Wright? Wright?
I thought we'd taken up Wright before. He was a very
good teacher and he taught But I thought we had
taken him up. Okay, okay. There was another one,
too. Yeah. A guy by the name of Bailey Bethel. Who?
Bailey Bethel. B-E-T-H-E-L, Bethel. He was
teaching there at the time. You probably didn't
have him, then, did you? No, I didn't have him.
Okay. No, he was there the four years I was there.
And Lenard, August Lenard. Lenard, August
Lenard. He was the... He got his veterinary
medicine at,
I believe he went to school at, I believe at
Kansas City. And then when he graduated and
everything, well he came down there and started to
work the vet department at A&M. And he taught
vet medicine. I mean, sure he taught vet medicine,
but I mean, he taught obstetrics, whatever, he
taught obstetrics. But he did. Now what, when you
went out in the field as a veterinarian for four
years, did you feel Looking back, did you feel that
A&M at the college or school of vet medicine then
had given you a good education? Did they prepare
you? Yeah, they prepared me about as good as it
could be done.
Plenty of clinical work. Men all over the state
were sending animals to A&M. Because that's the
only place they had to send them. And they put them
in a, either they came in a car or they came in a
trailer, hitched to a hitched to a car and came to
College Station with a horse. So there was an
emphasis on clinical work down then. You got a lot
of experience before. Yeah, it was a lot of work on
clinical work. I got a lot of experience. Before
you even graduated, right in school you got plenty
of experience. Oh yeah. Did you know when you were
out in the field working for the state, did you know
other veterinarians? Oh yes. And who were not
graduates of A&M? I met quite a few of them. And
could you compare, did you think that your
schooling at A&M was better than theirs or could
you make some comparisons, do you remember?
Well,
we didn't have much to do with the fellows that
wasn't graduates. from a recognized school. We
didn't have very much to do with them. And they
didn't, they didn't phone in and have someone come
out to help them.
As far as I know. Did your vet school, did the fact
that you were a veterinarian and then a practicing
veterinarian for four years, did that help you in
medical school? Well, see I took a veterinary
medicine to help me a whole lot in medical school.
Now let's talk for a minute about that famous
football team that you were on. Could you tell me
the positions that you played on the football team
here at A&M? Well, I was a quarter and a half back.
and
playing and we were either started the game or we
went in later on and
relieved the men that were either hurt or they were
tired and needed some further rest and we would
have to go in and run the team just the same as as they
were there. There
wasn't any jealousy. In other words, there was
good spirit among the team members? There was good
spirit among the team members. No
man was better than anybody else. They were all the
same.
when that whistle blew to start the game, we was
ready to go. And when we were out practicing during
the weekend, during the week, well we was always
there on time. Bob was our coach then. And he was the
coach of A&M for seven or eight years before he went
to
Oh, he went north.
In 17 he had to go and straighten the team out and he
fought half the men that was on the team and put the
second class men because the others, they didn't
want to put out any. And so when
Bob, the first two or three weeks when he was there,
well, he got a leave of absence from A&M. And that
was a 17 team, too. Yeah, yeah. That was some team
that you were on. Yeah, I was on the same team, 17 and
19. Yeah, mm-hmm. And that was the year that the A&M
team had that remarkable record of nine wins and no
losses. Yeah, well we had the same thing again in
19. Had nine wins and no losses. And one year we
scored 275 points and didn't allow the opponents
to score one point. That's right. That was
absolutely fantastic. Now how can, why do you
think, what was, why were we so good? Well, We were,
just like I said before, there wasn't any jealousy
amongst the boys, and they all prayed to win. And we
did win. And we were clean about it. Wasn't any men
on it that would hurt anybody. And so they...
They just won. We didn't kick a field goal. I could
drop kick 40 yards. Yeah, I know. You kicked a field
goal against SMU. Yes, right. The 40-yard one.
Yes, right. They held in that victory. Yeah. It was
12, 16-0, I believe it was. Yes, it was, 16-0. 16-0.
And so we didn't... In fact, Ben's Bible didn't
like to kick. He said,
score first and hold the score. Well, they would
get down pretty good, 10, 5 yards, but you couldn't
go any further. And they didn't have sense enough
to kick the ball and get three points. Well, the
three points helped. But they didn't do it, so
they... They
beat themselves. Yeah, right.
Do you remember the equipment that you used to have
back in those days? Well, it was
very light stuff. Yeah. Very light. And everybody
that could bought their own. Oh, really? Oh, yeah.
The school didn't supply the equipment then? They
had equipment, but if you could buy your own
equipment and meet that inspection, well, we
could use it. Sure. And many of us boys used our own
equipment, but they were light. They were good
stuff, but they were light. Do you think that they
were too light? I mean, do you think that they
didn't protect against injury? Well, we didn't
have very many hurt then. Oh, good. Very few knees.
We didn't have any knees and we didn't have any
ankles. Good. Great.
I was thinking about that the other day.
Now you have a good many of them. Ankles are getting
very prominent now. Yes, they certainly are. You
never heard of an ankle fellow being hurt with a bad
ankle, a broken bone ankle, anything like that.
How
do you think that is? Well, I think the reason why
the... You see, a bone that's just
fractured very lightly, and it hurts at the time
that it happened. But by a week, it's in pretty good
shape. And no man, as far as I know, no one played.
except those that wanted to. And if they were good
enough to play, well, they played. If they wanted
regular team.
So that's the way it was. I wanted to ask another
question. Sure, go right ahead, ask all you want.
Okay, I wanted to... ask if
World War I had any impact on A&M because you were,
this is the same time when you're in college that
the United States is fighting in World War I. Did
that war seem to have any impact on the college? Do
you remember? Oh, it didn't have, it didn't have
very much. It didn't have very much. Did you ever
think about going into the Army? I was in the Army.
And when was that? I was in the Army in World War I and
World War II. And,
see, the first war didn't last for about 18 months.
Yeah, right. And the second war lasted four and a
half years. Yeah. Another five years. And so when
did you go in for World War I? Well, when I was,
let's see, I went in there during the early part of
17. Early part of 17.
And as soon as I was released, well, I went on out.
Well, see, I was at A&M all the time. Yeah, I don't
understand. What you don't understand about it?
Well, if you were at A&M all the time and you were in
the Corps, you were also in the regular Army at the
same time. Well,
see, in the first war, I wasn't 18
years old until If I remember correctly, I was
about mid-season.
So I played the whole year.
Before I was 18 and after I got in the Army, they had
to call me. They had to draw my number and my number
was tall. Oh, I see. See, they drew the numbers. put
all the stuff in a hat and capsule and shake it up and
then they'd reach in there and get one. But they
never did get my number. So I never was called. So
you registered for the draft then, but you never
were called to serve in World War I? No, I was,
let me see. No,
I was in the Army, but I wasn't called up to work for
them. Right, right. Okay.
Okay, I was also wondering about, there's been a
lot of changes in the vet school since You went
there. The only change that's been made that I know
of is
the new men that they hired out there,
when they came to A&M, I think they were hired A good
many of them were graduates from the school. And
then when all the girls got in there, 125 or 135, I
forget how many, when the school opened for them
to sign up for the classes, well, they had 125
girls. They
wanted to come to A&M because the boys were there.
Yeah. And so they had a big class.
Were you in favor of allowing women? No, I wasn't in
favor of that. Why not? Well, I just, I don't know. I
just wasn't in favor. Mm-hmm. But
when they hadn't had it in the house, I took it as it
was.
Now as a final question, I'd like to just ask your
overall opinion of A&M.
If I had to do it over again, I'd go right
there. That's the best way I could put it. If I had to
do it over again, I'd go. And I'd take the same
subjects as I did before and
stay with it until I graduated.
Now, we had one man that I haven't called a name yet
that taught out there.
Well, we've talked about Mark Francis and
Marsteller and Dunn, Bethel, and Leonard,
Wright, Blackburg, and Schmitt. And those are the
people that I had on my list. Now there might have
been one or two more that I missed of people who
taught out there during your... I don't know.
Bethel,
what Bethel was that? Bailey Bethel. And we don't,
and I'll have to go back and check in my books. on
him, but I think he was listed as a teacher. He must
have been listed as a teacher. And who else was it?
Dunn, Ralph Dunn. Well, Dunn was... We talked
about him. Perry Marsteller. Yeah, he was all
right. And Francis Leonard. Yeah. And we talked
about Louis Wright. Yeah, Wright. He was a
full-time man then, too. Mm-hmm. And Blackburg,
we talked about him from New York, and Schmitt. And
Schmitt. Mm-hmm. Well, he didn't leave there. He
graduated there in,
what did he graduate in? He took vet medicine and he
was from a town over there close to,
Well anyhow, he's in Texas and he's over that way. I
can't tell you where he's from. Now, right now, I
don't know exactly where he's from, but he was a
very good man and
he taught pathology. And so
I don't... I don't remember anything else about
the fellows that taught me. There
was one other fellow there, tall, slender, black,
dark,
and he went in the Army and landed over at
He landed at the post. What was his name?
Oh, heck. I can't call his name, say my name now. But
he was a good man. He was a good man. I can't call his
name, but he was a good man. You didn't mention him
in that list that you had. Well, I'll have to go back
to my office and check then.
I might have missed somebody. Let's see if I got
this light.
Well, I'm out of questions now. I think we've
answered questions about the football team and
about your opinion about A&M and about the vet
school and your classmates and your teachers.
Well, you know, the vet school,
they moved. They already moved. Yeah, I know they
did, yeah. across the railroad track. Now they're
going to have a medical school there. Yeah, I know.
I see them building. They're putting up a
four-story building there. What's your opinion
of that? Well, I think it's very good. You think
it's about time? Yeah. Because there's a good many
of the subjects that they teach that can be... the
boys that are taking medicine can take and get
credit. Especially
physiology,
pharmacology, bacteriology, histology.
Those four things right there They can, it's in a
war. What were your favorite classes when you were
in vet school? What subjects did you like the most?
Oh, like the most? Well,
I liked them all. I don't know whether you like, We
liked one another.
You basically liked them all. I liked them all.
Good.
I don't believe,
but while I was at A&M,
I didn't flunk a subject. four years and I didn't
flunk subjects. And then when I got four years and I
was married and when I went to medical school and
the
professors there, they knew more about me than I
knew about myself. I couldn't tell them anything,
they knew it all. And so, You thought it was a great
experience then for you. Sir? You thought it was a
good experience, a great experience for you. Oh
yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was hard for me to, it took
me six months, about six months to get used to going
to school again. Because I was accustomed of being
associated with the law.